1) My career goal is to become a software / game developer and work for the topmost companies in the world. I want to work in those companies and have a comfortable life in the UK. I also dream of buying a big house and owning a fast four-wheeler. I desire to be in the UK because it is a technologically advanced country and I love their living standards. Since I am working towards this goal, I have a clear idea of what I need to do in order to achieve that. In 2020, I applied to a lot of graduate schemes for technical positions in the UK. There were various rounds like Aptitude Test, Psychometric Test, Coding Test and I cleared all of them. But I was not accepted because in their terms, they had "other suitable candidates". However, I know that I lacked something very important which will definitely be fixed if I complete my Masters in the UK. I need to learn in and from an environment that makes it definite for me to land a job right after finishing my Masters.

2) Studying abroad has been my dream from the very beginning of my first year in college. I want to study abroad because I want to experience the rich culture as well as have excellent career opportunities. Personally, I want to have a higher standard of living and make all of my dreams come true. Universites in developed countires like UK, and USA, provide a different approach to educating students. I want to pursue my Masters degree right after having my Bachelors degree because that will help me to retain my technical skills and yet have room for improvements. As I want to live in the UK, studying there will not only help me have a higher qualifiation from a renowned university, but also cultivate my skills for succeeding in corporate as well as personal life. 

3) I am a final year student pursuing my Bachelor of Technology degree in Computer Science and Engineering. I have got a good understanding, expressing, and learning prowess. I am sociable, proactive, have the critical thinking, and always trying to learn and apply my skills to the furthest extent. Having a strong grasp of my major, I also exhibit great managerial & influential competency. Being substantially self-taught and having a crammed interest in programming, I have various technical skills. I am skilled in JAVA, C, C++, HTML5, CSS3, Javascript, Node.js, Unity Engine, C#(Game programming), React.js, MySQL, Firebase and Git. I've had experience with other technologies and frameworks like Vue.js, Three.js, Socket.io, JDBC, JIRA, GIMP, etc. I have practical experience developing software, websites and games. I spend notable time developing new projects and this is how I keep myself busy. I am fluent in English, Hindi, and Bengali. I also have a beginner level proficiency in Mandarin and Japanese. I am experienced with working in a team both nationally and internationally(remote), and have the ability to finish assigned tasks precisely within the stipulated time. More importantly, I am very creative with ideas and fully dedicated to my work.  



